Good is good
But our liquidated damages are very high.
You don't have to worry about the money.
And I can guarantee
I will never interfere in your filmmaking
It doesn't matter if you lose money.
It's true. It's true.
Why don't we join together
The film and television company with loopholes
Such good conditions
But lazy and poor
Can you not interfere with our filmmaking?
Is it the greatest respect for film and television art?
Mr. Lu, we will join your film and television company
Ok ok welcome you both
Lu Yang
Why did you ask Shua to find so many names first?
Still like this
Say you are not the forward rule
How come?
I am recruiting talents for the development of our company.
Taking away the goose grass is called Huayue Media
Otherwise, where will there be emotional changes?
Otherwise, the four Li Li people you asked me to find have been found
They are Yang Mi Mi
Annie baby
Zhao Ying'er and Li Chunyu
Mr. Gu is good
Would you like to join my media company?
Be my artist
But we're not famous.
Don't worry.
I will create a personal design for you.
I'll make a fairy drama for you
This drama will definitely spread all over the country
Really? Yeah.
The name is Magic Sword Xianxia Biography
How about you? I'll make an armed drama for you
It's called Huaguo
And you.
I will prepare a running reality show for you
reality show